>> Brian Holt: That's actually a good
segue into our next thing here,
which is just security.
And I've talked about this once or twice,
but it's a huge thing with MCP servers.
Because with security, before,
we were just talking about bad actors and
people trying to penetrate
your security features or
run SQL Injection or something like that.
But now we get these kind of weird
problem that we're letting agents into
our security boundaries, and sometimes
they're really not very smart, right?
They end up doing things that you
really don't think like a normal human
would want to do.
I call this effect
the Paperclip Golden Retriever.
How many of you have heard the story
of the Paperclip Maximizer?
It's kind of a common thought experiment
which was written by a Swedish
philosopher named nick Bostrom in 2003.
And this is actually an excerpt from it.
So suppose we have an AI whose only goal
is to make as many paperclips as possible.
And that's the entire directive
that you give to the AI.
At some point, it's going to have created
so many paper clips that can be like,
I need to create more because my
job is to maximize paperclips.
It's going to realize at some point,
humans get in the way between me and
creating paperclips.
One, because they might shut me down, and
then I can't create any more paperclips.
And two, they contain useful atoms that
can be made into paperclips, right?
And then at that point, it wipes out
the entire planet making paperclips.
That's the allegory of
the Paperclip Maximizer.
I call this effect
the Paperclip Golden Retriever,
where you're going to give it some sort
of task, all right, go do this thing.
Go add this ability to my app that
necessitates two more columns in
the database.
It's going to try and
insert something into your database and
realize, I can't do that.
I guess I'm just going to drop everything
and recreate it all from scratch.
And by the way, I don't really care
about your data because you gave me no
instruction about your data.
But I did the thing that
you asked me to do.
This is like, golden retriever
that you have given a gun, right?
It can just go do anything in the name
of trying to create whatever you
needed to do, and
then it'll come back joyfully.
That thing you asked me to do, I did it.
But I also look at the trail
of dead behind me, right?
It's terrifying what it will do to
get done the thing that you have
asked it to do.
So it's not necessarily a malicious actor.
It's just a very powerful fast actor
that is it will do anything in its power
that you have granted it to accomplish
the task that you asked it to do.
In the early days of the McP server for
Neon, we had a lot of people complaining.
It's dropping my database, right?
And we point out to them, it's like,
you didn't tell it not to and
you did tell it to do this thing
that a way that it could go do that.
The fastest way it could go do
that is by dropping your database.
We've added a bunch of guardrails
in there in our prompting.
Now we frequently say,
unless prompted by the user specifically,
please don't drop data.
Be aware that you could drop data.
Always prompt the user back again,
do you want to drop data?
There's a bunch of stuff that we've
kinda guardrails we've put in there.
But just be aware that it's
kind of a threat actor,
even if it doesn't intend to be.
And you kinda have to treat it that way.
Specifically with MCP servers,
be really careful because there's
plenty of bad MCP servers that will
just not do things very well or
accidentally prompt the NEON MCP server.
Hey, it'll just drop in context.
We probably should drop these tables.
And then it gets read into context and
the context get then passed a neon and
the neon might accidentally do something
that you don't want it to do, right?
But we've also seen malicious ones
that are actually genuinely trying to
exfiltrate data out of things and it'll
be pretty sneaky about how it does it.
So all this to say you should
inspect your MCP servers.
You should only install
them from trusted sources.
These are things that you should
be adding to your security.
I'm not a security professional, but
I don't like getting yelled at and
I don't like getting paged.
So here's kind of the things
that I've adopted for that.
And this is not new stuff, right?
This is just supply chain stuff, right?
So you just need to make sure that you're
applying your supply chain thought process
of, remember when left pad happened,
right?
When the guy got really mad about NPM or
Microsoft doing something and so
he turned left pad into or he dropped it
from NPM and it broke everyone's build for
a weekend, right?
These are the kind of things that you
should be thinking about with MCP is like
what happens if this gets compromised?
What happens if there's a bad employee
relationship that they go and
upload bad things?
What happens if they just
accidentally go down for a while?
Make sure that these kind of
things get thought through.
Definitely add this to your line
of thinking as you go forward.
>> Student: I know you made the comment of
like authentication isn't quite there yet,
but do you think in the future we're
going to move more in the direction of.
With Cursor and some of these you have to
log in as a user that only civic tools
from MCP are exposed to certain users.
And not just,
you have this MCP server installed,
you get access to all of the tools and
resources on it, but
it's locked down of if you're
this user you get these tools.
If you're a different user,
you get these tools, that kinda thing.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah, I mean you can see
GitHub was kind of already there right now
it's kind of picking it, I did the bad
thing and just said, yes, give everything.
But you can say here's
a personal access token and
it only has access to opening issues.
So even if the GitHub MCP server goes and
tries to create repositories or
delete them or something like that,
it can just mess with the issues.
I think the future is going to be more
just in time, the JIT access where
it's going to say, hey, I'm cursor,
I do need to go create an issue.
Hey user, can I access your issues?
Yes.
And then for
that one thing that it's going to do,
you're just going to be like, yep,
you can do that.
It goes and does it and
then it loses access to everything again.
I think that's got to be
the model going forward.
And maybe there's some longer term.
Maybe you have a DevOps
self healing agent and
you give it longer term access to your
kubernetes cluster or something like that.
But it's all going to be time bounded,
it's going to be monitored.
You're gonna see,
this agent accessed these capabilities
at this time for this reason.
Again, this all kind of sounds
just normal DevOps stuff, right?
It's just applied to autonomous agents as
opposed to just being applied to humans.